blog: biscuit-wasm release post (#84)
biscuit-auth/website: content/blog/biscuit-wasm-0-4-0.md

+++

Biscuit is a specification for a cryptographically verified authorization token
supporting offline attenuation, and a language for authorization policies based on Datalog.
It is used to build decentralized authorization systems, such as microservices architectures,
or advanced delegation patterns with user facing systems.

Following the stable release of [biscuit-rust][biscuit-rust], we are pleased to announce that [biscuit-wasm][biscuit-wasm] has been released as well.

## Biscuit-wasm

Javascript support for biscuit tokens is provided through webassembly: [biscuit-rust][biscuit-rust] is compiled to this portable format, which can be then executed both by nodejs and browsers. The goal of [biscuit-wasm][biscuit-wasm] is to provide a nice, ergonomic API to allow manipulating biscuits from javascript.

[biscuit-wasm][biscuit-wasm] is shipped with [typescript declaration files][ts-decl] in order to provide auto-completion in modern editors.

## Datalog tagged templates

Javascript provides a powerful mechanism: [tagged templates][tagged-templates].

> Biscuit-wasm takes full advantage of tagged templates to provide a convenient way to embed datalog snippets in JS applications. It also takes care of injecting dynamic values inside

Author: ```suggestion
Biscuit-wasm takes full advantage of tagged templates and provides a convenient way to embed datalog snippets in JS applications. It also takes care of injecting dynamic values inside
```
